Similar to [Snigdha's course reviews](https://github.com/snigi-gupta/AttendingUniversityAtBuffalo/blob/main/Computer%20Science%20Important%20Tips/CourseReview.md), I have collated mine and my friends' course experiences that can help incoming and current students in their course selection. Feel free to add a pull-request if you want to add your own experiences!

| Subject | Student Review |
--- | -- |
**Advanced OS by Dr. Kim** | As a CS student, I had to take 2 out of 3 core courses and I chose Operating Systems as I enjoyed it as an undergraduate. While this course has commonalities with my previous course, it was more rigorous and I had to spend significant time on my labs. There are multiple graded components in this course: Examinations, Paper reviews, Labs. It is important to choose good team members as finishing the labs along with your coursework can get very hectic. The examinations are straightforward and the professor clearly explains what questions are going to come in the examinations. The critiques can be demanding. I think that this was an easily-scoring core course than its counterparts. Some nuggets of advice from my end are: a) Manage your time efficiently as the quarter system gets over quickly and the labs/critique reviews require sufficient time and effort. b) If you are struggling with the course, talk to the TAs, they are very helpful :).  c) I really liked [Udacity's OS courses](https://www.udacity.com/course/advanced-operating-systems--ud189) that acts a good review for similar topics. [Neso Academy's OS Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBlnK6fEyqRiVhbXDGLXDk_OQAeuVcp2O) is also good if you have doubts.
**Big Data Management by Dr. Eldawy** | Big Data is one of the hot areas with an abundance of job opportunities. The professor does a great job updating the course with industry standards and covers relevant topics like NoSQL, Parquet, RDBMS, Hadoop, etc. For people looking for a job after MS, it is extremely useful! The course content is light and the examinations are easy to score. The main component of this course is the project which accounts for **50%** of the grades. My only advice here is to choose a strong team and distribute the work accordingly. Start working on the project as soon as you decide the topic. If you are a beginner to this field, ask the prof for relevant ideas and seniors/industry professionals for good ideas. A good project done here can help you stand apart from the crowd! 
**Scientific Computing by Dr. Shinar** | This course is an excellent primer to Linear Algebra and the mathematical underpinnings behind Machine Learning, Graphics and other areas. The course can become too fast-paced for many people. It is highly recommended for people getting into research or preparing for ML interviews. Don't take it if you don't like Mathematics. There are many mathematics-proof based assignments in this course. To do well in this course, attend all the classes and take rigorous notes and don't leave things till the last day. I found [Numerical methods](https://www.coursera.org/learn/numerical-methods-engineers#syllabus) and [Applied Linear Algebra & Numerical Analysis](https://faculty.washington.edu/kutz/am584/am584.html) useful for reviewing some topics.
